Jason Frame: Hey? Easy!
Usman Saleem: Hello, everyone!
Jason Frame: It looks like everyone's here.
Simon Dudley: Hello.
Jason Frame: Share my screen and let's get started.
Lucas Saldanha: Yep.
Jason Frame: Right?
Jason Frame: Okay.
Jason Frame: Let's go through the housekeeping first, and sorry there. If you go to this link here, you can with the details.
Jason Frame: You want to put the announcement already that this is going to be recorded.
Jason Frame: So you don't let me go 75, and you can see anybody over.
Jason Frame: Yeah, it's place me in a few which is speaking, and if you have a question, you the right hands. Although being small, we can probably just
Jason Frame: small group. Here. You apologize. Answer on the phone.
Jason Frame: Okay, let's start with some 0 announcements.
Jason Frame: I didn't see anything listed there. Does anyone have any general announcements? They want to make
Jason Frame: alright. it doesn't matter.
Jason Frame: So moving past that we do the roadmaplisted here. I don't think there's anything new as the roadmap since we looked at last time.
Jason Frame: No, so this the Shanghai upright. I think it was like last time we hit in the twenty-th.
Jason Frame: I can't see what it is, but currently we will focus. We've been focused on the same line up right
Jason Frame: doesn't they say anything else to talk about in the right back right now
Jason Frame: is probably some
Jason Frame: on in terms of sh time.
Jason Frame: There's been some detail thing that I was here to the next up, right, though, so to
Jason Frame: So for the
Jason Frame: anything anyone want to discuss on the environment. But we can decide talking to the rest of the cool.
Jason Frame: Oh, so
Jason Frame: put the release rotations.
Jason Frame: See that the in the contributed channel. We
Jason Frame: it's been proposed to aid for March eighth for the next release. So i'll just open up this for the
Jason Frame: and
Jason Frame: what will people still? What's on the next release dates.
Jason Frame: So this last one was a bit later than we at home, so I think this one moves it back to a Wednesday.
Jason Frame: I think we did strictly 2 weeks from this. I think this is a Friday that wouldn't have
Jason Frame: that will not work with that typical schedule. So that's why that that was moved.
Jason Frame: was it? I think, Simon, You' this Did you get a sense? If there was a consensus on much, I spend the release time.
Simon Dudley: Everything off her so far has been in favor of it. I haven't. Had anyone object to it?
Jason Frame: Okay? Well, that sounds promising.
Jason Frame: Yeah. Okay. So so as far as we know, so far, the the next one will be much, and then from on what we'll plan to continue doing, the too quickly releases for for the point places in the 23 to one series.
Jason Frame: So that's the case.
Notice.
Simon Dudley: Yeah, I think we we pay kick off
Simon Dudley: totally more or less, the end of this week to make a call, because we have to start burning it. And this week. But
Jason Frame: I like, yeah, I guess it's probably too late to be any sooner than than, and I think that they one of the key things we wanted in that ideally would be the Goalie Shamp configuration if it's available.
Simon Dudley: Yes, I do.
Jason Frame: And let's just say we should have the Goalie Slot the start of this week, and they will for their to call, so that should work out nicely. So we should know the next few days what? That
Jason Frame: when goal it should happen, and we'll have enough time to employ that in the next
Jason Frame: by service.
Lucas Saldanha: Yeah, I think it. It probably depends on how the portfolio goes. But so a successful rollout we should be able to define quarterly in a minute next.
Jason Frame: Yeah, yeah. So things cost, so it works. It's good as well. We'll find out next few hours.
Jason Frame: I'm not sick by that. No. the samepi epic.
Jason Frame: So i'm. I'm not. Just. I've been this epic up.
Jason Frame: I think you're probably the person to talk to this, so i'm not to see your face there on there? Did you want to give a quick update on the how we're going with it with Shank on?
Simon Dudley: Sure. Yeah, I'll, I'll keep it brief, but feel free to ask any questions.
Simon Dudley: basically all the kind of
Simon Dudley: my
Simon Dudley: it's of the code. It done the things that still in progress, and still to do, related to adding in more tests and in improving the robustness of
Simon Dudley: on our test code, because this is quite a few different frameworks involved.
Simon Dudley: And yeah, but I i'll say I've mentioned on track for this
Simon Dudley: and
Simon Dudley: 3 h.
Simon Dudley: And yeah, should I? If there's no issues with that? Should It's me that we think of all you want as well as minimal work to do just just configuration to add into that.
Simon Dudley: And then I actually want to main that so hopefully by the time we're on main that we'll all be
Simon Dudley: all of these items in the epic complete, and and we'll have all regression tests in place, and we'll be
Simon Dudley: in a good place, but along the side this is also a def next running, as well as the test nets the public test net. So
Simon Dudley: it should be pretty
Simon Dudley: confident. I think if we don't see any problems in that
Jason Frame: right, that sounds good.
Jason Frame: So
Jason Frame: oh, so it's really cool.
Jason Frame: and we put a here for work. Update on the new Protocol deposits by an external contributor. Does anyone have any takes house?
Simon Dudley: Yeah, I put that one in in there as well. I wanted to bring this up because it's it's an external contribute to the basic which is good.
Simon Dudley: It's actually. I found out they I've come in through the
Simon Dudley: preschool fellowship. I believe she's like a kind of mentorship program. and Mikhail is is leading this project
Simon Dudley: so doing, the in Protocol deposits this. This IP is part of this another change to the
Simon Dudley: execution. Api as well. That is, it counts part to this.
Jason Frame: And
Simon Dudley: yeah, so it's in the cars driving. That is also the mental for this contributed that as I into Pr. And basis so just working through. But it's good that I I think the Mentee
Simon Dudley: was given a choice and like effectively.
Simon Dudley: which is really good news, I think.
Jason Frame: Yeah, it's it's fine. See if I say you so. The reference for this or early work on the. So yeah, I think it's, anyway. So
Simon Dudley: that's right.
Simon Dudley: The change itself is really good, because it means we can get rid of
Simon Dudley: They they can chain having to like. So you stuff with the deposit logs and just makes everything work a lot nicer
Simon Dudley: unlock some features in basically like
Simon Dudley: for about days.
Jason Frame: Yeah, definitely good. Not sure. There's much to
Jason Frame: to. This is probably more awareness. But you just have one question Here
Jason Frame: was any reason not to include some man using the experimental experiment. So I guess that's it.
Jason Frame: We have to answer it here. But do you want to explain what you're asking there? So
Simon Dudley: yeah, so
Simon Dudley: introduced recently
Simon Dudley: that gets driven by some of the
Simon Dudley: changes
Simon Dudley: 2 new for the like internal kind of feature type of folks. There's a future, a IP time, and an experimental a IP sign future is intended to be
Simon Dudley: an upcoming fork. but I guess Hasn't got a name yet, so anything that we know is in anything to the next one would be future.
Simon Dudley: And this experimental one, I guess, is things that haven't been agreed to go into a fork yet, but we still might want an implementation. But this reason, for example, for
Simon Dudley: so yeah, it's the first time, I think we including anything in this experiment or the Ips time
Simon Dudley: fork. So
Simon Dudley: so it was worth bringing up and save. It was appropriate.
Simon Dudley: And yeah, if anyone had objections to this particular IP you getting in there. So it's quite early guys for the cip.
Simon Dudley: It's not going to go in time period, apparently.
Jason Frame: Right? Okay. So we're gonna have it for a 6 months and all probably. Yeah.
Jason Frame: Okay.
Jason Frame: Did you have any thoughts on that? Maybe this is the kind of discussion we need to have on the contributors.
Jason Frame: So i'll get a few more people's thoughts on that. It seems like a good use of the experimental. I think that's exactly what it was intended for. But
Jason Frame: okay, so no, it's great for you. May we just bring to the water? But we still got time to win the most that period so we can get.
Jason Frame: I have the discussion on the
Jason Frame: and I contribute this
Simon Dudley: thanks, and and if if anyone is up for reviewing this Pr. As well, they contribute to is welcoming some early reviews, you know, in draft. So
Jason Frame: right? Yeah, so it's kind of see someone doing some easy for us.
Jason Frame: Okay, that's yeah, as far as workout times. If you are in the of a business.
Jason Frame: I think this is your right here. I'm selling on the did you? Why not?
Jason Frame: What this is about. And
Sally MacFarlane: yeah. yeah. So this is a feature in Github that is currently in Beta. I have tested it out in some
Sally MacFarlane: 2 other like test repositories. We haven't, tested, and basing yet, but it looks cool. It looks easy to use it's essentially the same as enabling auto merge, except that, like if another Pr. Gets most in the meantime, and you would normally need to motivate again.
Sally MacFarlane: It just handles that for you, so it essentially manages any Pr. With wedding, where you've hit the button
Sally MacFarlane: to add it to the queue. It manages as it as a queue.
Sally MacFarlane: The only real change to how we currently work is that if you want to, so when you set up, merge to you to squash commits as like the strategy to merge.
Sally MacFarlane: and how we work now is, when you hit the button you get to edit the commits at that point. So the change would be that if you wanted to squash the commits and edit the message. You would need to do that manually on your
Sally MacFarlane: yeah
Sally MacFarlane: before you add it to the match queue. So that's kind of really the only change the way that we work right now.
Sally MacFarlane: I said. My question is. can we turn it on? Can we try it out?
Sally MacFarlane: Do we like we probably don't want to enable it in the middle of doing a release, you know, just in case there are side effects. But maybe after the release before the release. On that any objections, any concerns any questions
Jason Frame: so just once this features on it. One.
This will be the only way to
Sally MacFarlane: yes, correct. So if you
Sally MacFarlane: so it when you set it up, it's it's not called. Enable the match you it's called. Do you want Pr. To like? Do you require an match queue.
Sally MacFarlane: So it just means that yeah, even if there's only one.
Jason Frame: Okay, yeah, I I don't have any objections. So I think it's it could help us.
Jason Frame: Maybe there's so, an at on. So I haven't had too much of an impact on to rematch, but it's only at times it happened.
Sally MacFarlane: and I see it comes out from the phone.
Jason Frame: That sounds up from the far as well. That's great.
Jason Frame: awesome.
Jason Frame: I don't any objections like, I said. I think that the timing with the because we don't want to do it just before we
Jason Frame: we want to make sure
Jason Frame: nothing's good here.
Jason Frame: did you? And you Haven't heard any injections in this code at all?
Sally MacFarlane: No, the only questions are around this question. It's, but it just wouldn't. You would want to do that manually in advance
Jason Frame: There wasn't a related question, I think, relate to that. You think you said that you could actually get it to default the message in the swash commit to the description.
Jason Frame: Yes, yes, so that's another option. When you set it up is that
Sally MacFarlane: when you're squashing commits you can so the default that which is what we have right now is it just depends all the commit messages together.
Sally MacFarlane: Another option is. You have the pr description.
Sally MacFarlane: and I think this by the author's name. and and that's it.
Sally MacFarlane: So you could set that up. But then you'll end up, deal with everything, and then make my messages right. So
Jason Frame: okay.
Jason Frame: not hearing any objections to that. I I think we should.
Jason Frame: I think you have to go. It's a but that's like it's at the time.
Sally MacFarlane: Yeah. So maybe tentatively, we say after this next release.
Jason Frame: and maybe we just need to ride up a little.
Sally MacFarlane: a blob on the merge commit piece, and how that works.
Jason Frame: Yeah. And and if we don't like it, I guess it's easy enough to turn that off
Jason Frame: problems with that.
Jason Frame: Okay?
Sally MacFarlane: And I think the other piece we want to think about, which has come up before is we commonly get merge conflicts in the Change log.
Sally MacFarlane: So I think if we, you know, have a sensible ordering in the change log, so that we're not always, you know, adding to the last line
Sally MacFarlane: that should sort of
Sally MacFarlane: eliminate a lot of conflicts as well. I think that has become better. But
Sally MacFarlane: wait and see how it guys invite you.
Jason Frame: You can try it out first, because
Lucas Saldanha: no you can do that. That's fine.
Jason Frame: Alright, No, that that sounds good. Okay. So i'll see. Yeah. So we got another
Jason Frame: awesome business here. It's a phone call to remove that. Basically No, this call channel. So yeah, I think we did discuss this before. Actually, I think this was some. I brought this up previously.
Jason Frame: Yes, I think you got You've got the notes here. Thank you. So on the so a few months ago. So we have some discussion.
Jason Frame: Simon, would you be out to here somewhere where the discussion stops in with the basic noise. This core channel.
Simon Dudley: Sure
Simon Dudley: the the discussion was. It was kind of all some kind of bringing up again, really, but I think
Simon Dudley: I think there was only one objection from down, a not an injection as such, but more clarification of that Why, I think he
Simon Dudley: created the 2 separate channels, or requested them to be create originally, which was up up to the Merge. We have again a lot of support questions. And
Simon Dudley: I think you want it to like distinguish between things that we like supporting how to run a node versus questions about basically itself like basic features and things like that.
Simon Dudley: I don't think like in my experience, people use the basic channel and the basic notes Channel interchangeably.
Simon Dudley: There was a suggestion to change it to basic support instead, which is probably more clear than by you. But I still think users would
Simon Dudley: just use both of them.
Simon Dudley: I think they have the same intent. Really. it's just that. It happens to be quite a bit noise before, and that's mostly gone away now.
Simon Dudley: So I would. Yeah, I would still pay the removing basic notes and just using basic, maybe we can split it out again if there's a problem in the future that
Simon Dudley: I will. Since then I gave maybe something good for an objection before I will. Then came specifically on this.
Simon Dudley: I don't know.
Jason Frame: Okay. So I I I just put that in there, so
Jason Frame: so there's been no other objections as well
Jason Frame: to remove it from what he is saying.
Simon Dudley: No, no, no; it's just with the attractions it would. Yeah, it would obviously be small. Application window would be appropriate, I think, or at least just making sure that all of the questions have been answered or me that it's the other channel
Simon Dudley: before we actually get rid of it.
Okay.
Jason Frame: so it's it's been much less
Jason Frame: uses a usage of the basically those channels as well.
Sally MacFarlane: Yeah, I I can't find the link right now. I I can dig it up, but it's basically the insight into in the discourage server. And yeah, at at the Channel level they do
Sally MacFarlane: had like out of my 4 or 5, 10 times the traffic
Sally MacFarlane: by numbers of messages compared to
Sally MacFarlane: which I think you know supposed to be that it was useful initially, but less so now.
Jason Frame: So yeah.
Jason Frame: thank you right there. And if I'm summarizing this correctly. It seems like there's no objections. Then the plan would be to keep some notice, and then deprecate to remove that channel.
Simon Dudley: Yeah, I think so
Simon Dudley: to kind of.
Simon Dudley: I know
Jason Frame: heck right.
Jason Frame: It's not just
Jason Frame: yeah, I think it makes sense to get rid of like. So I said, the
Jason Frame: there's not much usage in that people confused between between that channel, the other channel, I think. Unfortunately.
Jason Frame: it's in the volume.
Jason Frame: Yeah, I think that's probably the sign on that one. Just
Jason Frame: so. You're gonna follow up on that with.
Jason Frame: But don't know. And yeah.
Simon Dudley: yeah.
Jason Frame: okay, correct.
Jason Frame: Yeah, that'd be good to go. But they have a channel.
Jason Frame: Is there anything else anyone else to discuss?
Jason Frame: That is a that is a
Jason Frame: and is anything we want to add to the it's a next call, but we didn't get a chance to discuss this time, I guess.
Jason Frame: Come on, I think of that.
Jason Frame: Which case I will stop sharing the screen now
Jason Frame: it looks like that's it for the
Jason Frame: Thank you.
Lucas Saldanha: hey? Good Jason.
Sally MacFarlane: Thanks, Jason.
Stefan Pingel: Thanks. So yeah.
Simon Dudley: yeah, I said.